Place the setup files and folders into the PvZ project directory.
Then run the corresponding set up batch file for which platform you are compiling for (WindowsDX vs DesktopGL).
Once that is done you will be able to compile and run the game with no issues.

CHEATS BELOW:

--------------------------------------------------

General cheats:

Pressing "<" pulls up the options menu with no other noticeable effects.
Pressing "2" places a digger zombie.
Pressing "l" lets you enter in the level number to warp to.
Pressing "#" allows you to instantly defeat Dr. Zomboss and some zombie wave mode.
Pressing "!" causes you to instantly win the level in all modes.
Pressing "+" causes you to instantly win the level in all modes, except it seems more effective.
Pressing "8" toggles the easy planting cheat.
Pressing "7" toggles slow mode.
Pressing "6" toggles fast mode.
Pressing "z" causes the "A HUGE WAVE OF ZOMBIES IS APPROACHING" text to appear, but nothing else happens.
Pressing "q" fills the entire play field with the most optimal type of plant (threepeaters, Flowerpot, lilypad) and spawns all remaining waves of zombies at once. In a scary potter level, it opens all pots immediately.
Pressing "]" fills the entire play field with either peashooters, Flowerpot, lilypad and spawns all remaining waves of zombies at once. In a scary potter level, it also opens all pots immediately.
Pressing "[" spawns the next wave of zombies at once. If no waves remain, the game crashes.
Pressing "?" or "/" sets the Huge Wave CountDown to 1 (if it is greater than 1) and the Zombie CountDown to 6.
Pressing "b" places a bungee zombie.
Pressing "O" places a football zombie.
Pressing "s" places a door zombie.
Pressing "L" places a ladder zombie.
Pressing "y" places a yeti zombie.
Pressing "a" places a flag zombie.
Pressing "w" places a newspaper zombie.
Pressing "F" places a balloon zombie.
Pressing "n" places a snorkel zombie if the stage has a pool, otherwise it does nothing.
Pressing "c" places a traffic cone zombie.
Pressing "m" places a dancer zombie.
Pressing "*" instantly crashes the game. This is on purpose and intended behavior.
Pressing " " (the space bar) pauses the game.
Pressing "h" places a buckethead zombie.
Pressing "H" places 5 buckethead zombies, presumably one on each row.
Pressing "D" places a digger zombie.
Pressing "p" places a PoleVaulter zombie.
Pressing "P" places a Pogo zombie.
Pressing "R" places a DolphinRider zombie if the stage has a pool, otherwise it does nothing.
Pressing "j" places a JackInTheBox zombie.
Pressing "g" places a Gargantuar zombie.
Pressing "G" places a RedeyeGargantuar zombie.
Pressing "i" places a Zamboni zombie.
Pressing "C" places a Catapult zombie.
Pressing "1" causes the plant at 0,0 (top left corner) to be instantly eaten by a zombie.
Pressing "B" causes the FogBlownCountDown to be set to 2200.
Pressing "t" places a Bobsled zombie. If a bobsled zombie can't be placed immediately, it places an ice track and then summons it.
Pressing "r" spawns zombies from the sky if on the roof, from the pool if in a pool level, otherwise, spawns zombies from grave.
Pressing "0" gives you 100 sun.
Pressing "9" gives you 999999 sun (caps at 9990).
Pressing "$" gives you 100 coins.
Pressing "-" removes 100 sun.
Pressing "%" does nothing, but has a specific check for that key.
Pressing "M" removes all lawn mowers.

Cheats in Dr. Zomboss's stage only:

Pressing "b" turns the bungee counter to 0.
Pressing "u" turns the summon counter to 0.
Pressing "s" turns the boss stomp counter to 0.
Pressing "r" triggers the RV attack.
Pressing "h" sets the boss head counter to 0.
Pressing "d" deals Dr. Zomboss 10,000 damage.

Cheats in Challenge "War And Peas" 1 and 2:

Pressing "w" spawns a WallnutHead type zombie.
Pressing "t" spawns a TallnutHead type zombie.
Pressing "g" spawns a GatlingHead type zombie.
Pressing "s" spawns a SquashHead type zombie.

Cheats in Survival Endless:

Pressing "q" turns on Easy Planting Cheat. Either fills the entire board with plants or places a specific kind of plant.

Cheats in "I, Zombie":

Pressing "q" turns on Easy Planting Cheat. Either fills the entire board with zombies or fills the entire board with football zombies.


